Improvements to obs get started page (#3768)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/observability.mdx

---
title: LangSmith Observability
sidebarTitle: Overview
description: Instrument your LLM application, investigate traces, and monitor performance in production with LangSmith.
mode: wide
---

import HostingSetup from '/snippets/langsmith/platform-setup-note.mdx';

> LangSmith Observability gives you full visibility into your LLM application: from individual traces to production-wide performance metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangSmith Observability provides full visibility into your LLM application: from individual traces to production-wide performance metrics.
```

<Callout icon="plug" color="#4F46E5" iconType="regular">
LangSmith works with many frameworks and providers. Browse [available integrations](/langsmith/integrations) to connect your stack including OpenAI, Anthropic, CrewAI, Vercel AI SDK, Pydantic AI, and more.
</Callout>

## Get started

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title="Set up tracing"
    icon="settings"
    href="/langsmith/observability-quickstart"
    arrow="true"
  >
    Add tracing to your app in minutes with environment variables, framework integrations, or the SDK.
  </Card>

  <Card
    title="Trace a RAG application"
    icon="notebook"
    href="/langsmith/observability-llm-tutorial"
    arrow="true"
  >

>     Follow a step-by-step tutorial to instrument a Retrieval-Augmented Generation app from start to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Follow a step-by-step tutorial to instrument a retrieval-augmented generation app from start to finish.
```
